book
I remember sitting in my cabin, repacking extra ammo for my revolver, contemplating on the word 'dank.' When did dank earn its negative connotation? It made no sense to me, enjoying the cool, moist air everyday and falling asleep to the constant dripping of droplets falling from the overhead every night. At the time, I was living in my submersaboat just below the rolling waves of what was once called the Indian Ocean. I had a good crew with me. The newest among them called me Captain Holiday, but those who had been with me awhile new that Cap'n Max was fine. 
	We were laying in wait for a very particular prey: Airships. Since the reemergence of steam power as the primary power source around the world, these floating balloon-boats had taken over the skies. A well maintained ship can go almost its entire lifespan without ever needing to land. The only exception,  they regularly hover low over oceans and lakes to collect fish for the crew and water for their hydrogen cells. Those Cells, those are where the money is. When society collapsed it's not like there wasn't plenty of them around, it's just that 'plenty' suddenly became 'finite'. The cells were a marvel of their time, an energy source that required nothing more than ordinary water as fuel. They were supposed to lead us into the golden age of humanity. But, though fuel scarcity may have disappeared as a driving issue, humans never changed and therefor war never stopped.  The history books ofter call it 'The Last War' which, of course, is a terrible misnomer. 
	Now, those who remain are left scrambling amongst the wreckage. In the years that followed the war we rebuilt. We didn't revert back to living in caves and sharpening sticks for weapons. The scraps of the world that was were all around us, all we needed to do was piece them together. The most valuable pieces, of course, were the Cells. The initial scramble for them happened fast, and in the end The Nation arose as the winner. They were my employers then. They hired my boat to take down non-Nation airships for them. If I could bring them back a working ship they were happy, but really all they wanted were the Cells. Whoever owns the cells owns the power to run the world, and no one appreciates that more than The Nation. 